== 0.2.2 2012-03-23

* add --quiet / -q option.
* add --bell option to auto command.
* change server command default port number from 80 to 8080.
* fix exit status.

== 0.2.1 2009-11-24

* Rakefile can be put in any directory.
* rake tasks minor bug fix.

== 0.2.0 2009-11-13

* add Google Data project template.
* fix some problem at cache control project template.
* add cache clear tasks.
* update gem summary and description.

== 0.1.9 2009-11-09

* add uri command.

== 0.1.8 2009-11-05

* add URI template feature.

== 0.1.7 2009-09-18

* bugfix issue #2: The files under the common prefix directory should not be removed. http://github.com/bluemark/smallcage/issues/#issue/2

== 0.1.6 2009-09-07

* use _local.smc for local machine settings. This file overwrite _dir.smc.
* erase statistics line when quiet option is on.

== 0.1.5 2009-08-15

* use @erbout for ERB output buffer variable name.
* add ERB capture method to base_helper.rb.
* add get directory config method to base_helper.rb.
* add NKF helper to nkf project template.
* avoid error when filter config is empty.
* add statistics line to update command. 
* do not abort auto update server when ERB error occurred.

== 0.1.4 2009-07-27

* add cache control filter and rake task (for CDN, etag, etc.). 
* add csv rake task which creates smc files from csv file.
* move rake tasks into *.rake files.
* switch 'smc import' default answer to 'Yes'.
* add the most primitive project template: tutorial.
* add project template to explain smc object and template: tutorial2.
* added 'body' to default smc object keys.
* avoid error when helper directory doesn't exist.
* show smc filename when template error occurs. 
 
== 0.1.3 2009-05-01

* moved to github.
* stop using newgem and generate Rakefile using cutagem.
* fix svnignore_reset bug.

== 0.1.2 2009-01-16

* stop using /dev/null for WEBrick access log. 

== 0.1.1 2008-09-22

* fix permissions.
* remove render_markdown method from red_cloth_helper.rb. RedCloth can't format markdown.
* add BlueCloth project template.
* add news project template.
* refine default project template.

== 0.1.0 2008-05-26

* to avoid namespace polution, the helpers and filters loaded into an anonymous module.
* fix signal handler bug.
* change base helper _glob method.
* refine default project template.

== 0.0.9 2008-04-21

* fix smc auto command bug.
* add RedCloth project template (redcloth).
* add multi language project template (lang).
* add auto navigation servlet to the HTTP server.
* add export command.
* delete output file when smc source file does not exist.

== 0.0.6 2007-11-04

* smcオブジェクトのpathがStringだったのをPathnameを保持するように修正。ファイルアクセスで使う値なのでPathnameの方が良いと判断しました。
* updateで拡張子smcを省略するとエラーになる問題を修正。
* ドキュメントルートが見つからない場合にループしてしまう問題を修正。
* ドキュメントルート以下に移動してupdateするとエラーになる問題を修正。

== 0.0.5 2007-11-01

* smcファイル内でerbを使うためにRendererにメソッドを追加。

== 0.0.1 2007-08-22

* 1 major enhancement:
  * Initial release
